Replace `ExecuteSelectionSet` with `ExecuteGroupedFieldSet` (#1039)
graphql/graphql-spec: spec/Section 3 -- Type System.md

}
```

> Valid operations must supply a selection of fields for any field that returns an

Reviewer: Not directly related to this PR but a more precise wording would be to use `selectionSet` here as fragments are also valid, not only fields.

```suggestion
Valid operations must supply a valid sub _selection set_ for any field that returns an
```
